Song Xiaozi, didn't you say that the murderer is here?
What about people?
This murderer is really cunning
He must have known there was danger.
Run away early?
Stop trying to be amazing.
You just didn't find out the truth
Admit now
Leave you whole
I said if you can find it, you can find it.
Uncle Han, as long as you can spare my brother's life
I can do whatever you want.
seriously
Come here.
Xing Run
Oops.
Ah!
Good idea.
How dare you play with me, I will kill you both now
Winter stop
Miss handsome
What are you two doing here?
The murderer was found
Say what?
How are you sure this is the murderer?
I just asked the handsome
Let his party go to the river
Then I'll make a big deal with you to arrest people
Unexpectedly, the murderer ran away from the river when he was nervous
Even so
How are you sure this is the murderer?
I don't think anyone here can believe it
A man who raped and then killed several women
Will be a woman
Because this is not a woman at all
He is a man.